Eggless Chocolate Gelato

Ingredients
3 cups cold whole milk, divided

¼ cup white sugar

3 tablespoons cornstarch

¼ teaspoon salt

7 ounces fine-quality bittersweet chocolate, finely chopped

Directions
Bring 2 1/4 cups cold milk just to a boil in a medium-sized saucepan over medium heat.

While milk is heating, whisk together sugar, 1/4 cup cold milk, cornstarch, and salt in a medium bowl until smooth. Whisk into hot milk and bring to a boil over medium heat; let boil for 3 minutes, whisking constantly, until mixture is very thick. Remove from heat.

Place chocolate into a large bowl.

Bring remaining 1/2 cup cold milk just to a boil in a small saucepan over medium heat. Pour over chocolate and let stand until chocolate melts, about 1 minute. Whisk until smooth.

Stir chocolate mixture into cornstarch-milk mixture. Force through a fine mesh sieve into a mixing bowl. Let cool slightly, stirring frequently to prevent a skin from forming. Cover surface with wax paper. Chill in the refrigerator until cold, at least 1 1/2 hours.

Pour mixture into a gelato or ice cream maker. Freeze according to manufacturer's instructions, about 15 minutes. Transfer to an airtight container and place in the freezer if not serving immediately.

Cook’s Note
Do yourself a favor, and don't skip the important step of straining the mixture through a sieve before freezing. I've done it both ways. Although it turned out good without straining, I can tell the difference in the smoothness when it's strained. Gelato must be very smooth!

Gelato should be served soft. If it is frozen hard, place it in the refrigerator to soften for about 30 minutes.

The chocolate you use to make this gelato is very important. I've used 75% cocoa, which was a little too bitter and strong for us. However, some people like their chocolate like that, so go for it if you're one of those. Next time (and every time after), I used 60% cocoa, and it's perfecto!

Once the gelato is ready to serve, be prepared for the rush. It's delizioso!