Ingredients:
['4 medium carrots (about 1 1/4 pounds), divided', '3 (3") pieces ginger, unpeeled', '1 (3 1/2–4 pound) whole chicken', '1 medium onion, unpeeled, cut into sixths', '3 celery stalks, cut into 2" pieces', '1 head of garlic, halved crosswise', '1 tablespoon black peppercorns', 'Handful of cilantro stems, plus leaves (for serving; optional)', '2 medium zucchini (about 10 ounces)', '2 teaspoons kosher salt, plus more', '3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, plus more', 'Lime wedges (for serving; optional)', 'A large stockpot (at least 8 quarts); a spiralizer or mandoline with a medium julienne blade']

Instructions:
Scrub 2 carrots and cut into 2" pieces. Finely grate ginger to yield 1 tsp., then thinly slice remaining ginger. Place chopped carrots, ginger slices, chicken, onion, celery, garlic, peppercorns, and cilantro stems, if using, in stockpot. Fill with cold (preferably filtered) water to cover (about 4 quarts). Cover and heat over high until mixture comes to a low boil. Immediately reduce heat to medium-low and bring to a simmer. Cook, uncovered, skimming foam and fat from the surface occasionally and reducing heat if needed so mixture does not come to a boil, until chicken is just cooked through, about 30 minutes.
Using tongs, carefully transfer chicken to a rimmed baking sheet. Let cool slightly, about 15 minutes. Remove meat from bones, discard skin, and return bones to pot. Continue to simmer until liquid is flavorful andreduced, about 2 hours. Shred chicken into bite-sized pieces and reserve.
Peel remaining 2 carrots and cut into 1/4"-thick slices on the bias. Spiralize zucchini into noodles (alternatively, use mandoline with julienne blade). Divide zucchini noodles among bowls.
Carefully strain broth into a large bowl or another pot (you should have about 8 cups). Return broth to stockpot and bring to a simmer. Add shredded chicken, sliced carrots, 1 tsp. grated ginger, 2 tsp. salt, and 3/4 tsp. pepper and cook until carrots are tender, 5–7 minutes. Remove from heat, taste, and adjust seasoning.
Ladle soup over zucchini noodles and top with cilantro, if using. Serve with lime wedges alongside, if using.
Soup (without zucchini) can be made 3 days ahead. Cover and chill, or freeze up to 6 months. When ready to serve, rewarm soup, spiralize zucchini, and divide zucchini among bowls. Ladle soup over zucchini.