['½ cup (1 stick) unsalted butter, cut into 8 equal pieces', '1 cup (125 g) all-purpose flour', '½ cup (63 g) buckwheat flour', '½ tsp. baking powder', '½ tsp. baking soda', '1¼ tsp. Diamond Crystal or ¾ tsp. Morton kosher salt; plus more (optional)', '⅔ cup (packed; 133 g) light brown sugar', '½ cup (100 g) granulated sugar', '1 large egg', '2 large egg yolks', '1 tsp. vanilla extract', '6 oz. bittersweet chocolate (65% - 75% cacao) bars or wafers (disks', 'pistoles', 'fèves)', 'coarsely chopped']

Heat butter in a small saucepan over the lowest heat possible until melted (you don’t want it to sputter or brown), about 5 minutes.
Meanwhile, whisk both flours, baking powder, baking soda, and 1¼ tsp. Diamond Crystal or ¾ tsp. Morton kosher salt in a medium bowl.
Scrape butter into a large bowl and add brown sugar and granulated sugar. Whisk vigorously until butter is absorbed into sugar, about 30 seconds. Add egg, then egg yolks, one at a time, whisking to combine after each addition; whisk in vanilla. Mixture should look much lighter in color and be almost creamy.
Add dry ingredients and use a rubber spatula or wooden spoon to stir until just incorporated and almost no dry streaks remain. Set aside a handful of chocolate, then add remaining chocolate to batter. Gently mix just to evenly distribute. Cover bowl with a kitchen towel (a silicone lid or plastic wrap also works) and chill 2 hours.
Place racks in upper and lower thirds of oven; preheat to 375°F. Line 2 baking sheets with parchment. Using a tablespoon, scoop out 2-Tbsp. portions of dough (or, if you have one, this is a leveled-off #30 cookie scoop or a heaping #40) and place 5 on each baking sheet, spacing evenly. Roll into balls and gently press 2–3 pieces of reserved chocolate onto the top of each one. It’s okay to jam the chocolate on there—some pieces can even be vertical. Cover and chill any remaining dough.
Bake cookies, rotating baking sheets top to bottom and front to back halfway through, until edges are golden brown and centers are puffed, 8–10 minutes.
Working one at a time, pull baking sheets out of the oven and tap lightly on the stove to deflate cookies. Sprinkle with Diamond Crystal kosher salt (if you’re using Morton, skip it: the crystals are too large). Let cookies cool on baking sheets 5 minutes, then transfer to wire racks and let cool completely.
Let baking sheets cool, then turn parchment paper over. Repeat process with remaining dough, dividing evenly between baking sheets, to make 6–8 more cookies.
Do Ahead: Cookies can be baked 3 days ahead. Let cool; store airtight at room temperature.